Aloha everyone Benny Barry here 100 de
rafa challenged day 39 tomorrow is day
40 I'm going to do a weigh-in but today
all I can think about is this amazing
package that I got in the mail today
from penny over at real food Tulsa
blogspot com guys I thought that I had
eaten like raw food until pinning saving
this package of the most gorgeous
delicious tweets look at this remember
how you know the nun there's you
remember her yeah yeah no potato chips
well Kenny set me look at these tennis
this is a raw tortilla chip and it is so
beautiful and it is so delicious will do
but a couple of you oh my gosh I cannot
believe this honey you are a genius
you're a genius really seriously you
should be on TV you've got to get on TV
these are amazing um my gosh so good I'm
gonna make guacamole for memorial day
and we are going to happen to good water
weight I'm the Clint but let me tell you
let me show you some other stuff that
you may look at this this is raw granola
look at this look get taste it taste
like I've sent them i'm done but I'd
like a fricking cinnamon bun oh so
delicious oh my gosh we got chocolate
drop it on at any raw chocolate nine at
all and I am such a chocoholic
I like these little chocolate chips huh
move it chocolate gonna I'm gonna she is
like a professional you have so inspired
me penny but this is just mm-hmm
anything thank you thank you so much you
guys go over to real food Tulsa dot dot
blogspot com because she is a total
genius some kind of like pecans and some
kind of like honey do I swear i would
say i'm going to just so fat eating
those brahmana saunders skinny eating
this and you know what Oprah did you
guys hear Oprah going vegan for a 21-day
cleanse Oprah honey you go girl eat your
veggies I'm so excited about April she
really penny you've got to send over
some of this stuff I'm serious she's got
the book you she's going to get you on
that show immediately cuz this is
amazing um the only thing that could be
better than Oprah going on a 21-day
vegan and cleanse would be Barbra
Streisand doing it publicly so Barbara
come on come on honey step up the raw
food challenge ah I've got all this week
thanks sitting at my desk is very
distracting um I'm in raw food heaven
right now bag yummy raw food I can't
believe it I've got to like I've gotta
go see penny and I've got to give her a
giant hug and I've got her to get her to
get on video or get me in her kitchen
and we can make some pistachio you do
not do those because this is just so
amazing so anyway i'll stop ranting i'm
sorry i'm diggin all penny but i love
penny they need anybody I love you pay
so then so good morning I'm in a
wonderful mango smoothie I use some
fresh mango and some frozen because I
really like the way that the frozen
fruit makes it really smoothie and
milkshake like and I find that you know
it really the frozen fruit seems to do
that better than ice on a wife well show
good mango fresh mango frozen engga
almonds and of course stitch I'm still
you know little amazed at myself that
for 39 days I've been putting collards
and kale and spinach into my blender and
making it regardless so quite amazed by
that but tomorrow I'm having a way in
and I think it's going to be a good one
I really do I'm really seeing a
difference um not really liking the way
my clothes fit yet but I can really see
you different 2 nite days and people are
starting to notice like my family you
know starting to notice that maybe I've
lost some weight too cuz I cannot talk
right now because I've got to go eat i'm
going to go eat this amazing so look
this is a bag you haven't even gotten
into yet I don't even know what this is
so amazing eat your veggies come back
tomorrow we're having them way again and
guys go out there and look for some
awesome raw food recipes because this is
not just about salads and smoothies I've
seen the light because scheme the light
and I'm so excited right now I just want
to run to you know I just want to run
into the kitchen and start creating
stuff and and Thank You penny because
that's all because of you my dear not
eat your veggies
ok